cotton is that climb up that Kelly good
then what the hell do you want what's
your freaking code number classy she's
gonna ask me Oprah tinkle number oh shit
you did well oh and excuse me sir hey
talking to sir do what I hit me humma
cuttin and I got you man Timmy house
quicker cuz rumba and he was like no I
was tues so anyways that's dead now but
they're so far so where are you no ma'am
um yeah
mm-hmm mm-hmm I'm safe I haven't
responded to anything you say
Bob Bob Bob until it's been yours how
are you oh boy and said my name is Jeff
and we spoke 10 minutes ago what's going
on here sir well Bob spend a while and
then I know we've we've had some
conflicts in the past I'm really sad red
really sorry I slept with your wife but
but you know times have changed you know
you don't need to be a meteorologist so
now which way the wind blows and well I
think we should just have bygones be
bygones
mm-hmm so are you daft my name is Jeff
not Bob I'm not married and for God's
sakes why are you such an idiot so it
was Bob how's the weather splendid
splendid so I went to the dodgers game
the other day ninth-inning two strikes
two outs runner on third god I should
have been there Bob good times good
times